Add sentry probe (#578)
meilisearch/MeiliSearch: README.md

Once a day, events are being sent to our Amplitude instance so we can know how many people are using MeiliSearch.<br/>
Only information about the platform on which the server runs is stored. No other information is being sent.<br/>

> We also use Sentry to report us crashs or errors. To get more information about what iformation Sentry collect, please visit the [Sentry privacy policy](https://sentry.io/privacy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also use Sentry to make us crash and error reports. If you want to know more about what Sentry collects, please visit their [privacy policy website](https://sentry.io/privacy/).
```
